editorial pass (#1)
ceramicnetwork/namespaces: eip155/caip168.md

   is odd, a single '0' may be prepended to make its length even. 
3) Verify that the `root` CID of the timestamp anchor proof is equivalent to the
   `transaction.data` CID. Note: as the CIDs MAY be encoded in different bases,
   their equivalence should be checked using a CID parsing library, rather than
   simple string equivalence. If they are not equivalent, verification MUST fail. 
4) Determine that the transaction has been included in a valid block on the
   blockchain referenced by the `chainId`. Number of block confirmations for
   acceptance is up to an implementation. 

### `f(bytes32)` Transaction Type Verification

This section describes transaction verification when a timestamp anchor proof
references a `chainId` in the `eip155` namespace and `txType` is `f(bytes32)`.
Type `f(bytes32)` refers to a transaction which makes a function call on a
contract with the function signature including a single 32 bytes argument. The
32 byte argument is the merkle-root CID. A CID is more than 32 bytes, and a
partial CID is used to allow the argument to be efficiently packed in the
transaction. Function name or contract does not matter, and is up to the

> implementation.  Use of a root CID encoded in [DAG-CBOR][] is recommended.

Reviewer: 👍

  txType: 'f(bytes32)'
}
```

#### Verification Steps

1) Resolve blockchain transaction payload by `txHash` CID and `chainId`. CID is
   expected to be [DAG-ETH][]-encoded block, and `chainId` MUST be a valid
   [CAIP-2][] identifier.
2) Get the `data` paramater of the transaction payload, it is expected to be a
   hex encoded 64 byte string.
3) The first 4 bytes are the function signature and can be discarded, the next
   32 bytes is the first argument of the function, which is expected to be a 32
   byte hex encoded partial CID.
4) The partial CID is the **multihash portion** of the original CIDv1 (refer the
   section [How does it
   work?](https://github.com/multiformats/cid#how-does-it-work) in the
   [Multiformats CID][] specification for context). It does not include the
   multibase, the CID version or the IPLD codec segments. It is assumed that the

>    IPLD codec is dag-cbor. Verify that the first 32bytes of the `root` CID of
>    the timestamp anchor proof is equivalent to the 32-byte partial CID extracted
>    from the transaction data. Equivalence should be checked using a CIDs
>    library, which can compare oprtions of multihashes encoded in bytes. If the
>    two partial multihashes are not equivalent, verification MUST fail.

Reviewer: I may have confused wording a bit using `multihash` and `partial cid` interchangeably, but it is technically just the multihash being used, so updated below to only reference that 

```suggestion
   IPLD codec is dag-cbor. Verify that the multihash portion of the `root` CID of
   the timestamp proof is equivalent to the multihash extracted
   from the transaction data. Equivalence should be checked using a CIDs
   library, which can compare multihash portions encoded in bytes. If the
   two multihashes are not equivalent, verification MUST fail.
```
